delay indexing on onboarding (#110)
trypear/pearai-submodule: extensions/vscode/media/welcome.md

# 👋 Welcome to PearAI

Welcome! Select a model on the right side to get started. 

**If you want to take a quick tutorial on what PearAI can do you can head over to <span style="font-size: 1.2em;">[tutorial.py](../pearai_tutorial.py)</span>.**

If you want to skip the tutorial you can just start coding immediately - Happy Coding!

## 🔑 Important Shortcuts

> > If you'd prefer different keys, these shortcuts can be customized in VS Code settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you'd prefer different keys, these shortcuts can be customized in PearAI settings.
```

:P
